Goal:
Bind midi buttons to presets so users can quickly change between presets with the control panel hidden

Problem:
Where do we store these settings?

We want them to be saved in the database so they can be loaded into the control panel when the logged in user loads the page.


Option 1:
Extend the preset object which is currently 
The preset object is currently set in Supabase as:

export interface Preset {
	id: string
	name: string
	schema: Json
	user_id: string
	visualizer_id: string
}

We can simply add a field to this eg:

export interface Preset {
	id: string
	name: string
	schema: Json
	user_id: string
	visualizer_id: string
	midi_binding: MidiControlId | null
}

Do we have to change the way that presets are strutured in the ControlStore?
I'd say yah because the supabase presets are only used by getting loaded into the store, and then aren't accessible after that

QUESTION: Should we add hotkey binding for non-midi users?

I think that we can just set the arrow keys to change between presets and that will be enough for non-midi users.
And maybe the number keys can get assigned to each of the users custom presets.

But do we also want to be able to assign a boolean input to cycle through the presets automatically? Say highs peaked, auto change to next preset etc?
This is a kind of functionality that I'd like for all select inputs so maybe its a good idea?

Either way, hooking up a boolean signal is a different realm to the midi bindings, so I think we're safe to implement the above, and then extend with a boolean signal down the track.


Current Issue:
All presets are being loaded as the default preset

Another issue has arrisen posing the following questions:
1. Should preset controls have group and folder information saved? Presets should never differ from the default folder/group structure

Issue, user saves a control with group/folder info, I go and change the group/folder structure and now his control doesn't load
Fix: So long as I still have the controlID living in a group/folder it should load. Hence group/folder info should be set locally and not stored in DB
